SpaceX launches 22 Starlink internet satellites from California - Space.com

The spacecraft will test the technology, which is being used in several commercial and industrial systems to provide broadband internet access to the planet and to support scientific research.

NASA will launch the satellite on July 15, and will test it in space on July 26, with the spacecraft orbiting a nearby target in the constellation Gemini II.

It will also test its propulsion system, and a new system that will allow it to carry more cargo, and with it the space station.

NASA's Space Launch System (SLS) will be launched on May 28 and will provide space station operations and communications for the U.S. space agency.

The spacecraft will carry a total payload of 2.6 tonnes of payload to the Earth, and are expected to have a range of 3,500 km (1,600 miles).

NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala., will test the system on May 29.

The launch, which is the second time in 20 years NASA has tried to test the system, will be the first time a space agency has been using a Falcon 9 rocket to launch a space station.

Ferryman Paul DeJong, a spokesman for the national space agency, said the launch was a "big step forward" for the agency.

"It's a big step forward for our efforts to help the Earth get to the moon and for finding life on this planet," he said in a statement.

"SpaceX's launch is another step in the mission to explore the next chapter of our solar system and send us there in the 2030s."

NASA's Orion spacecraft will also be launched to the Moon in 2017 for a four-month mission to explore the Red Planet.

On Sunday, the U.S. Space Shuttle was grounded after the launch of a cargo ship carrying the International Space Station.

NASA astronaut Scott Kelly will serve as the company's first astronaut on board the International Space Station.

The space shuttle was grounded after a mishap while carrying crew on its way to the International Space Station in December 2009.

The shuttle was carrying the International Space Station's first crew after a malfunction in the vehicle on May 11, 2010.