Los Angeles braces for dangerously high winds as fires continue to burn - live updates - BBC.com

A wildfire has been forced from the area of Los Angeles' North Hollywood, burning at least 12 hectares (50 acres) of trees and causing more than 70 deaths.

Firefighters have battled for hours to hold a high-altitude fire at a building in the city's South Sunset neighborhood, which has seen a string of fires so large it was once a hotel.

The blaze started in a building at the intersection of Market Street and E Street in the city's South Sunset neighborhood, just south of downtown Los Angeles.

A firefighter moves a fire truck in the firefighting zone near Los Angeles International Airport at the airport near Los Angeles International Airport, in this still image taken from video released by the LAPD on Tuesday. REUTERS/LAPD

The fire, which is about three miles (five kilometers) wide and 10 miles (12 kilometers) long, started off in a building on E Street and Market Street, police said.

The building is a single-family home, and was built in the 1950s, said police.

A firefighter moves a fire truck in the firefighting zone near Los Angeles International Airport at the airport near Los Angeles International Airport, in this still image taken from video released by the LAPD on Tuesday. REUTERS/LAPD

Firefighters are trying to hold the blaze out for up to 15 minutes.

The blaze, which grew to around 12 hectares (27 acres) in height, is the largest in the city's history, with more than 70 deaths, according to the National Fire Protection Association.

The fire started on the north side of the building between Market Street and E Street, and was extinguished by police at about 1.40pm.

The area has seen a string of firefighting efforts, from the use of helicopters to the use of water tanks, to a fire truck in the middle of the street to keep the blaze at bay.

The fire has now been extinguished, firefighters said, but there are still many more fires to be fought.

There have been more than 2,000 reported fires in the Los Angeles area, and there are about 50,000 firefighters working to control the blaze.

(Reporting by John Thomas; Editing by Peter Cooney)