Coldest inauguration forecast since Reagan’s in 1985 forces Trump’s indoors - The Washington Post

The White House is in crisis mode today, and its own press secretary, Sean Spicer, called for an emergency meeting with President Donald Trump this morning to discuss how to get back to normal. But Spicer's words were met with plenty of skepticism.

"We're going to have to have our own briefing room, and that's going to be closed," Spicer said on Fox News Monday. "The president has a very, very, very limited schedule. And I think that's an important point that we have to have. I think that we can't make it 100% normal in this country."

Spicer also said that he would not be meeting with Trump on the phone.

"I don't think we're going to make any calls," Spicer said.

The White House's press secretary, Sean Spicer, went on to say that he would not be meeting with President Donald Trump on a phone call

"We will take a note. I hope that comes back," Spicer said on Fox News.

Trump took the opportunity to criticize Spicer on Sunday for the lack of transparency surrounding his phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

"I think it's going to be a little bit of a problem if you don't have public records, so you have to go and look up who's answering the phone and just report it," Trump said on NBC's "Meet the Press."

Spicer is one of nearly 60 people who have reportedly been involved in a number of political investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.

Earlier this week, Trump said that he would be sending former FBI Director James Comey a letter if he were to recuse himself from the probe into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.

Comey's recusal from the Russia probe has caused some to wonder whether Trump is trying to undermine the bureau's independence.

Spicer also made his comments after the president fired FBI Director James Comey on Thursday night.

"I think that the president is trying to undermine the bureau and his integrity," Spicer said on Fox News. "I think his actions are damaging to the bureau."

"I think he's trying